as it is coming to the bank and of course all means of
communication equipment
of similar quality noor this mattress team together with madrid
barcelona and valencia are the only entities
I water champions
today the final of the chaco
silva case of jaime
for the people against the athletic one of madrid he said part of his tour by
mexico where will hold four games we will see how it goes to the box
Basque javier aguirre when he leaves from the bottom Joaquín Velázquez opens
on one side of the fringe team
elche's ball is looking to face in the first attempt of the team
poblano there was
eder pacheco of the support continues to control the spherical pacheco that plays
backward
he populates with the touch of paulo seraphim pelotazo in the heart of the area and
is taking the danger pablo ibáñez to one side is not bad
his wife is
the rush of the text
to this valuable
here at the cuauhtémoc stadium
it seems to me that the people are
much more in principle the pair
it's not that the votes do not take the party seriously
they are more concentrated
admitted that before the meeting but surprised
to the defensive line
on a long ball it's amazing that you vote
leo franco jersey of his new club
in the contest we are already surpassing precisely in
a nice trophy that's going
to hand over
and if in this sport I love that in October it will already
deserved
inaugurated the long at 12 of the day south winds since he took advantage of
picture
the cloak
lesaka mind when here in this service warms the heart stopped
rama peques is going
with the psib have cost the attempt to give pacheco
and there it is already
reaches more of the team
jonas is that in Spain they are
álvaro fernández by the left band puts can do a lot of damage and
for valencia and with fernández receives the service
Hasan will know how to make
every one who takes it
he has not forgotten by the bands
he does it to Brazil
also open
of the area that polanski europa press
to endure
and accompanying with scared when and until the whistle are the first
above all the sky
athletic
madrid in his presentation
finally the worm was deflated already and until the whistle of jaime herrera
golds
for the second time
the town has been clothed d'oro pocero to the athletic of madrid in this
tour
in Mexican territory when paulo seraphim comes from behind opening
for
warner when here comes this service
hot the output
very brave because I am very happy and lion
it's not that they help them with the suter
with much plasticity and with many more bravery of honors to the people
here we have the repetition
the clash with Alex Quillo Carlos
It was Alex Quillo literally left without those who have tended center for not
count on internationals with
and little by little they are integrating their teams there traveled last 10 of
last august
ap
I can not believe it
but I'm more I think on Monday
cc journalist
I do not worry the people
to the final whistle